Variant calling requires three scripts:
  totalposlist.py
  deduplicatedposlist.py
  vcf_variant_caller_2.py

totalposlist.py creates a tab separated text file containing high quality SNP
positions in the first column, and the reference base found at that position
in the second column.

  This script requires two arguments: the input file (full path), and the output
  file (full path).

  This script requires the output file to already exist - should be made using
  bash (touch command) and should end with the .txt extension. This file should
  be created in the desired output directory.

  How this script works:

    The script opens the input file and parses the .vcf file, creating a list
    with VcfVariant class objects for each variant line in the original file and
    notesthe positions of variants that represent indels. It then filters this
    list by the criteria specified at the beginning of the script.

deduplicatedposlist.py takes the output file from totalposlist.py, removes
duplicates, and sorts the high quality SNP positions in ascending order.

  This script requires two arguments: an input file (generated by
  totalposlist.py) and an output text file (.txt extension). This output file
  does NOT have to be created prior to running the script.

vcf_variant_caller_2.py takes an input vcf file, the output file generated by
deduplicatedposlist.py, and an output fasta file, and for every position in the
deduplicatedposlist.py output file (which is a list of high quality SNP
positions), records the reference or alternate, or ambiguous base for that
position in the given vcf file, as dictated by the number of reads supporting
the alternate or reference base calls at that position.

  The output fasta file must already exist (created with bash touch command,
  extension .fasta), but must be empty. This script simply appends the sequence
  for every subsequent vcf file it is run on to this fasta file.

  The script outputs a fasta sequence with a base (alternate or reference,
  depending on how many reads support each) for EACH high quality SNP position
  (from output file of deduplicatedposlist.py). If a particular vcf file does
  not have a variant at a position in the list of high quality SNPs, the
  reference base for that position is recorded in the sequence.
